#About Makers Valley
Makers Valley is an informal cluster of suburbs on the eastern edge of inner Johannesburg, including areas like New Doornfontein, Bezuidenhout Valley, Bertrams, Judith's Paarl, Troyeville, and Lorentzville.
It is home to roughly 46,000 residents, characterised by rich cultural diversity and a predominantly young population.
Historically, the area has faced challenges such as urban decay, high unemployment, and inadequate infrastructure.
In recent years, Makers Valley has been undergoing regeneration, driven by a vibrant local creative and maker movement.
Community initiatives and projects led by organisations like Engineers Without Borders and the Makers Valley Partnership are repurposing abandoned spaces and fostering sustainable development.

#The Problem
In Makers Valley, poor road maintenance has led to widespread potholes that pose significant hazards for drivers and pedestrians alike.
These potholes contribute to vehicle damage and increase the risk of accidents.
Community leader Desiree Beukes has highlighted several initiatives aimed at repairing these roads were attempted but ultimately aborted due to bureaucratic challenges.
DIY repairs are against the law - The Johannesburg Roads Agency (JRA) has emphasised that the materials used by residents in these repairs, including concrete, stones, and bricks, are not up to standard and can put motorists at risk.
Most importantly, potholes force vehicles to work inefficiently, increasing fuel use and emissions, a finding confirmed by a Taylor & Francis Online study. This adds urgency to repairing road infrastructure in Makers Valley.

#Our solution and your goal
We have designed a community initiative in association with the Makers Valley Partnership where residents learn and get certified in pothole repair techniques.
They use shovels and cold asphalt mix to fix potholes and track progress with a software application.
Your team will collaborate on supporting this effort by crowdfunding, sourcing materials, gathering volunteers and more.

#How to move across the board
Players start in the centre of the board; This is where the shop is located; you can purchase items here.
To move, click the "Roll Die" button, which will display how many moves you have.
You can move freely on the board by clicking the arrow buttons. When no moves are left, click the "End Turn" button to indicate your turn has finished.
There are special squares on the board, these are:
- Money (Yellow): Receive South African Rand in a specific amount.
- Shop (Green): Where items are purchased.
- Task: An opportunity to claim a task and complete it, or help another player fulfil the task.
    - The colour of the task depends on the objective:
        - Blue -> Secure Grant
        - Red -> Repair Potholes
        - Magenta -> Train Volunteers
        - Cyan -> Secure Longevity

#Objectives, tasks and subtasks
There are 4 Objectives, each with their own tasks and subtasks:
1. Secure Grant (using your Influence)
2. Repair Potholes (with Cold Asphalt)
3. Train Volunteers (with Knowledge)
4. Secure Longevity (using Volunteers from the community)
Each player is assigned an objective at the start of the game. Tasks can be collected by landing on a task square.
Objectives, tasks and subtasks can be viewed anytime by clicking the Journal icon.
If you have enough resources to fulfil a task or subtask, you can complete it in the Journal.

#Interacting with the shop and journal
The Shop is where you can purchase and source materials. Four items are displayed at a time. To buy an item, click on its icon.
The Journal allows you to view remaining objectives, tasks and subtasks.
The two buttons beside each task allow for transferring and completing tasks respectively. 

#Transferring tasks to other players
If you wish to give an assigned task to another player (e.g., if they have sufficient resources for the task), access the journal and click the swap icon.
A list of options will be displayed. Select the name of the player you want to give the task to. If you change your mind, select "Cancel".

#Winning/Losing Criteria
Your team must work together to fulfil all Objectives.
All players help support the goal with a mandatory maintenance charge (5 rand) that is applied after each round. Be careful, running out of money will make your solution unviable, so ensure to make meaningful and safe purchases. If you're running low on funds, travel to a money square.
You can also quit at any time, but in doing so, you will be letting your teammates and the Makers Valley community down.